.\" @(#)Eddie.1 
.TH eddie 1 "1 Sep 1999"
.SH NAME
eddie \- start an HTTP high availability clustering tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eddie
.IR Command 
[
.IR -p
Path
]
[
.IR -vn
]
.IR -c
Cookie
.IR -d
Directory
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX "Eddie command" "" "\fLEddie\fP \(emhammer http port"
.IX "http" "port" "" "make \(em \fLEddie\fP"
.B Eddie
is used as a high availability clustering HTTP gateway which can
handle incoming requests on a nominated port (as specified in the 
.B GatewayFile).
and redistribute them 
among a number of HTTP servers (such as Apache). 
.B Eddie
provides load balancing, admission control and handles machine
failure. In conjunction with the 
.B Eddie Enhanced DNS 
it provides a single point of contact for users of your web site;
while maximising their chance of getting service by utilising
clusters of HTTP servers.
.PP
The behaviour of
.B Eddie
is defined by two configuration files.
See the description of these files below for an explanation of all of
the configuration options.
.PP
.SH COMMANDS
The following commands are supported:
.TP 10
.I init
Initialise an Eddie node
.TP 10
.I config 
Configure an Eddie cluster
.TP 10
.I start
Start an Eddie node
.TP 10
.I stop
Stop an Eddie node
.TP 10
.I status
Get some runtime information about an Eddie node.
.TP 10
.I add
Add an Eddie node to a running system
.TP 10
.I delete
Delete an Eddie node from a running system.
.TP 10
.I load
Start an Eddie load information node only (for LBDNS only setup).

.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.TP 10
.B \-c
Specify Cookie to be used
.TP 10
.B \-d 
Specify the Mnesia database Directory to be used.
.TP 10
.B \-v 
Verbose ouput. Run in foreground.
.TP 10
.B \-m 
Migration configuration file (config command only)
.TP 10
.B \-g 
Gateway configuration file (config command only)
.TP 10
.B \-p 
Add a Path to your call-back modules. *Always* add
/examples to the path. It does not hurt!
.TP 10
.B \-n 
Start a dummy Eddie node, i.e. to be used prior to the eadd and
edelete commands if no appropriate node is running.
.PP
.SH CONFIGURATION FILES
This section is incomplete.
.SH EXAMPLES
This section is incomplete.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
The following exit values are returned:
.PD 0
.TP 10
.B 0

.B Eddie
ran successfully to completion.
.TP
.B >0
An error occurred.
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lbdns (1)
.SH NOTES
This section is incomplete.
